Well, I suppose a U-Straight in an informant in the Pentagon has the right to come over here
and give to this committee, a secret document.
Now, what I'm asking you is if a member of this committee staff for the same reason,
felt he was doing what was right for the United States and came over here and rather
left us and gave out to somebody else to be a 30-general saying, a secret document in
this committee, if you think that would be right, if the document first of all, sir, we
have no power to question.
We have no power to question.
If I haven't got too much time, I'll just read you a series.
I say we have no power to question by document.
The second, if the document from another department, sir, I think what you're getting at
it, if a member of the staff for this committee, no of an act of corruption or violation of law
on the part of somebody else in the committee and went to the FBI, who was the Attorney General
of the Investigator Branch, I would say you would have a right to do that, sir.
I believe that he had the right to disobey anyone in the committee and his chairman.
Sir, Mr. Vice President, sir, I have heard a little time on a free state not being
in the office.
Well, there is no authority.
Sir, suppose there was such a rule, do you have the right to disobey it?
If there were such a rule, sir.
And it involved a violation of law.
That's right.
And he had evidence of that.
Violation of the committee rule.
And he had evidence of a violation of law.
Violation of the committee was taken by the Office of the Office.
So, in the end, we talked about the other.
So, I think we'll be up to him to decide whether there's also office to his country and
to his job whether it's installing the office.
He feels the only way he could have followed according to his conscience and the guard would
be to go with that information to the FBI.
In other words, make that the other word.
We've got it to what the committee regulations are.
Any staff and other committee would keep count.
Decided on the result to support the constitution and he could participate in that so committee
ruling he was not the right to do it.
So, a violation of law being covered up by the committee, sir.
He might very well.
He might, as I'm sure there wouldn't be any such situations here, but he might very well
decide that his office would require him to go to the FBI.
There would be his decision.
Yes, sir.
Would the fact that the committee has just ended swore to uphold the constitution of the
United States and defend and protect our nation justify him and your opinion in revealing
the names of informants to the state, Senator McClellan or Senator McCrathy of classified
secret material on the ground.
It would be the best way to protect the constitution of the United States and the law of the country.
I can't say against it.
All right, let me repeat.
The fact that this is just on the committee we were talking about has sworn to uphold the
constitution of the United States and defend and protect our nation justify him and your
opinion in revealing the names of informants to such people as Senator McClellan or Senator
McCrathy to reveal to them classified secret material on the ground that this is the best
way to protect the constitution of the United States and the law of our country.
Mr. Sonny, may I say that the witness man is man, but I don't.
May I say that perhaps that doesn't surprise me?
Well, sir, I think I want to give you an answer, Senator, but I'm not sure.
Do I understand the question to me this?
If somebody on the committee's fair for it to give to Senator McCrathy and Senator McClellan
inform, inform, let's read it again.
Very, very slowly and I'm sorry my time, but I will never.
I'll have to move anyway and get to say me the time.
Suppose that a member of the committee, Stan, has sworn to uphold the constitution of the
United States.
I got that.
Now suppose that he also believes he should defend and protect the nation.
Yes, sir, I got that.
And your opinion has need a right to give classified information, classified secret
material to Senator McClellan, Senator McCrathy, because he believes this is the best way
to protect the United States.
Remember the death of our committee, sir, that is information that he received wrongly.
Classified information.
Sir, I just don't understand the question.
How are you going to take it right?
I would have so many information.
I remember the staff would have with the information concerning an investigation which the committee
was conducting.
Well, now I say, let's say to pose that you have, there are some members of the staff.
I understand several who have not been cleared by the Department of Defense.
You know if that's true or not?
No, sir, I don't.
Why do you mind checking?
I would be very much interested in that, sir.
I know that every member of my check, and if I made a mistake and say it, well then,
I know that every member of my check, every member of my check, now let me go on to the question.
Do you have a document?
Would you ever see, will say, a document for board to be signed by Mr. Hoover?
That's part of the files of this committee.
That document, sir, was given to Senator McCrathy.
Yeah, but it wasn't a committee file.
Well, you have to take that up.
It was supposedly in the committee file.
Whether you had to take that, the status of information that is given to Senator McCrathy.
I see. In other words, you don't know whether it was ever in the committee file or not.
I can front of the administration that's finding some.
There are certain people who find information to Senator McCrathy, certain people in this country.
Now, let's suppose it was in the committee file.
Let's suppose a document like that was in the committee file.
Yes, sir.
And suppose that the instructions were that it should not be taken out of the committee file.
Then it was a document that was obtained from another agency and put in the committee file.
Suppose that you have a man on the committee staff who thinks that he has the right.
To take that document and to give it to somebody else.
Do you believe that he has that right?
All right.
In other words, it's the same law applied to a member of the committee staff that applied to the young intelligence officer who gave us.
Sir, the letter that was reported to be signed by the civil.
The same old office and the same obligation.
The concentration in the country would apply.
The members of the committee staff, just as well as they would apply to anybody.
Well, you agree, won't you?
I just wanted to say that if it was right for the young intelligence officer to give it to anybody on this committee.
The same rules would apply if a member of this staff wanted to break the rules and give it to the attorney general.
Right?
Sir, I'm going to try to make a long story and it was very short time.
I feel that if there is evidence of violation of law covering up a criminal situation in this committee and the members of the FAFROs of the FBI,
I can conceive of circumstances where that would be proper.
Yes.
I'm talking about giving a secret document.
I can conceive of circumstances where that would be proper.
Sir, we don't have any power.
Now, to ask why any document there, we just don't have.
We have to follow the decision.
Working in the FBI, handing classified secret material, dealing with a trapping of communists, decides in his judgment that the FBI is acting vigorously enough.
And he would prefer to relieve it.
Contrary to Mr. Hoover's orders, this secret document would say a newspaper fighting communism,
would you consider that justified?
Can I get that exact right back in the name of the president?
Very well.
Suppose an assistant working in the FBI handling classified secret material, dealing with communists.
Decided in his judgment that the FBI is acting vigorously enough.
Yes.
And that he would like to relieve the document,
I'm trying to Mr. Hoover's orders, to a newspaper which has been fighting communists.
Would you consider that he was justified in doing it?
I would consider that the hypothesis which you suggest could not happen.
That's not an answer to my question and you know it.
The matter is, as long as you have a consistency of give space and a question,
in my opinion you're setting up one set of rules, for people that will give you information and another set of rules as to what you do with the information.
I think that's the contrary.
Well, we'll continue this tomorrow.
I'm sorry.
All right.
Send it once again.
I'll suggest we end this room.
Is there any questions at this time?
I'm sorry.
You have three minutes remaining on your go-around.
Mr. Cohn, we've heard a lot about one man's committee, especially by those object to that committee conducting an investigation.
I wonder if you would, for the record, give us the reason why we vary it in investigating committees and the families of the House that adopted the one man for a rule.
I believe the primary reason for it to be found in the decision of the Supreme Court of the United States and the Christophal case.
The general law, I believe, is that a necessary element in a conviction for contempt or a criteria or some conduct before a congressional committee includes that a form of the committee was certain at the time that the witness gave the particular answer.
In other words, there might be a quorum with three people.
There might have been three senators there at the beginning of the hearing.
One of them might receive a telephone call and walk out of the room for two minutes.
Now unless the government could prove, and then there was no longer be a quorum there at that moment, on the other hand, that might not have happened.
All three might see there all the time, but people might not remember that they were there all the time.
And unless the government could prove beyond a reasonable doubt that all three were there at every minute when the stupid question was being asked, the conviction would be reversed and thrown out due to that technicality.
That's very funny.
Mr. Mayor of the House, you mentioned the Christophal case.
Perhaps some of our juries do not know who Christophal was.
And I tried to, this Christophal was a member of the Communist conspiracy.
Yes, sir.
He was convicted in case of the feud.
And the conviction was set aside because at that time the committee had the rule that a majority of the senators on the committee had to be threatened to take testimony.
The conviction was not set aside because he was not guilty, but because the actual as a parenthood possible to prove that at all times during the testimony, a majority of the senators were threatened to commit a theft of a drink of water, some sick of cornthal, and down the line of some next time onward.
As far as the UNI know, every investigator getting smitten has protected itself by passing the rules that one man comes to put the form so the kind that's not a valiant self for the same defense Christophal valiant self of a trite term, because one man at the quorum doesn't mean that the other can't be there.
And let me ask you this, if he were to go back to the old rule, that existed before the Christophal case, it was making it difficult beyond words, but it's not to convict anyone for contempt of the committee, for the contrary, for any crime before the committee.
It was present, what does the Supreme Court has found to be a precedent obstacle to a saying he's such conviction.
It gets under time, it gets under time.
Well, in 10 minutes, well on the other hand, if you have the one member that's been a complete committee rule, it wasn't had any to have another member to around that a hearing with it.
No, sir, wouldn't Mr. Louchin, as I said just a moment ago, the fact that only one of necessary does not mean the other, or not welcome, or should not see there when their other duties permit.
That's right, I wanted that totally to one, the 20, you don't have to have one man committee, it's just convenient to be able to have one.
Oh, oh, surely, sir, it's up to one man must be there, and if the others come on out of the matter, their own independent judgment is to whether their other duties permit them take time to be at the meeting or not.
And you don't really have any serious difficulty about it, as long as the chair is there and running the ears.
We have had no difficulty by the chair, so that they check it out.
Now, it's gone because of the way the club seemed to go here, some people may be directing their attention with one thing and some of another.
The Senator Gerkson and I have been then merely trying to illuminate, let us say, this is first about loyal to Gord, so we've all understand where we are.
And you and I have had what I'd like to think of the lawyer like and the pleasant discussion about that.
Maybe at the point I think when I've exhausted my life, probably the check, could you move forward slightly or are you helpless?
I know you've got a bench in front of you, sir, I didn't mean to say you couldn't move, but you have a bench there.
Thank you.
Mr. Corn, we had reached this point where you had, I certainly beg your pardon, I know you have a bench that I have faced myself and I thought you were against it.
Mr. Corn, we had reached the point where you had, I think, made it clear that in any case where a lawyer of the Gord has made a decision affecting what a fair commonist or a subversive.
But your committee was something to be to call the members of the lawyer who had passed from that case and inquires the deriities for deciding if they did.
So a lot of qualifications to write this to us, but I'll give you a yes answer if I don't have one.
I don't want to get civil, that's because while I hear a few, that might be some of those leads, he's done a lot of things to ask.
And then I have gone on to ask you this, if you had said to the lawyer, I'll give you a second number of lawyers or I'll give you a second before you, I was asking you whether there would be any reason not to ask him.
Now what have you got pending, what have you got pending on the doctor?
And I think you, I'm not sure whether you've answered that or not, but I am somewhat under the Christ now I haven't seen the transcript that you thought under some circumstances that might be proper too.
But I can see what the net, the welches probably have meant, but might say how many times will be sitting on now, how many cases do you have under consideration now or something like that?
On the other hand, then perhaps you weren't going to find today, well now what are the facts of the ones that you've heard and are ready for decisions?
Yes sir. You wouldn't want to be married to those?
I can't say a judgment in advance on that sir.
Well let's, let's tie one, suppose he said, well we heard, we are the case last week.
Now the 10 witnesses, we've heard them all and we haven't under consideration and we're going to decide it next week.
Now if you feel it's gone that as a legal proposition you would have a right to inquire as to the fact they had heard?
Yes sir, I would say we had a right to inquire.
And you can stand if you find out the facts that were before the law of the board for an investigation of the following week.
Well sir that would be, I think we have a right to inquire whether it is that.
If another right could then the answer is that you could, if you want, we could ask. I'm not saying we could get an answer.
Well now that's the point that is interesting.
You and I as lawyers know there are great many questions you can ask that you can't inquire the answer.
Certainly that's the reason I think we have been understanding each other I hope we have.
Did you know as instance as well there are decisions of the law of the board that have already been made and are in the facts?
And if we can't inquire in particular whether it is resolved in what we have, you are calling this room, clearing the counter.
You're quite sure that you can ask for the reason that the law of the board member to reach that decision.
Yes sir I can think of a lot of appropriate questions along those lines which could be asked.
And having asked the question you are told that you have a right to answer?
As a certain of the questions I am sure we have a right to answer. As a certain sir there might be a question.
Now let us understand each other on this point.
If you would hear that people were wiping the law of the board member the thousand dollars of tax could decide in favor of Congress.
You and I would be in the enthusiastic agreement that that side could be gone into.
No I certainly would be just. There's no doubt about that.
But as you know that you are calling on a quite a different area.
I am talking now you want to understand about a perfectly honest number of the law of the board in the sense of not accepting bias and not being corrupt or anything of that sort.
Your following?
You are excluding bribery or corruption.
Are you also excluding Mr. Welch having a communist front wrecking himself and having a crisis?
Yes I think I would rather exclude that.
That's also the matter and things like that. But you just had an ordinary honest well meaning but let's say a lot of the board members of you didn't have no agreement.
Yes sir. Now if you take that honest the law of the board will always have nothing wrong with you.
And you already made a decision.
I understand you now and that you and I are in agreement with the effect that I asked the decision which you have made.
You have a right to inquire what were the facts and which you made.
For qualifications again but to move along I will say yes there and at the appropriate time I will help to explain.
And you have a right to inquire that we are that he adopted and we can you think of certain standards under which such an inquiry would be brought back.
Yes sir.
Now Mr. Cohn you have been in effect set up a thought of a power practice for me.
A lot of these boards have you now?
No sir. Well you review what they have done in the committee do you not?
It's not quite that simple as well. It is not quite that regular either but it amounts to some kind of a review of the law of the board action before the committee does it not.
Not exact picture.
Well let me put it here this way. After this policy of mine isn't it yours? Isn't it quite clear sir that any member of the law of the board is about to decide the case today?
I realize that he has a radio or television. Let's conference from now he may be called before the committee your committee have with your counsel and ask to talk about that case.
But it's not for sure yesterday.
And he must be reasonably well the fact that he decides in favor of some subversive law that's the first.
Oh let's come but he may have a week of legal time before your committee would do not say.
I don't believe so I don't believe that it's fairly close.
Then he may not have any anxiety tonight about any decision he makes on the ground that he may someday be called here and have the case reviewed by you.
The action sir and according to his call that the exact answer under proper standards.
In determining loyalty and certain other elements of presence that I would say no he would he need have no anxiety.
I suppose he honestly think he decided right and you must call on.
When will you do that? Well that brings us right up to the question here and at some point I'm going to have to give me the opportunity to go into a little detail on this message.
I think it's very fair that you should be sure this is the most interesting subject and one where you would qualify a violation.
Yes sir.
Any government will be part of it.
You understand this is only we're not talking just about the Army don't you?
No I don't.
Sorry I understand we are talking just about the Army because in the only other experience we had we got cooperation and not the fight.
Well I will take the Army but but we might get the economic energy information for example.
You would hesitate to bring one of those well everybody was out there and you fly off and listen to what they didn't do.
Just a lot that's probably being a better grounding if I can talk about what actually has happened.
Now we have had the Army situation the other one we thought is the government hunting on us.
I'm aware of that one and there is just something that I can hear is whether or not the same principle will apply to the hunting on us.
Yes but just be honest we like it because there is a case where we understand each other.
How about that is what I can talk about that.
Any news?
Okay.
Where I can tell a powerful producer that is my call it.
A couple of our new boys have done in the Army when you get a chance at the matter of the carrying silver.
Alright sir I would say we start on this premise.
As far as well the boys in general are concerned and the Army in particular concerned.
We start on a premise of the state we're off we start on this premise.
We have information to the effect that loyalty for us has without any justification and by using improper standards of evidence.
Clear communists and been responsible for the return of communists to secret radar laboratories and to other sensitive states.
I would supplement that Mr. Wells by saying that people who have subsequently been found to be communists and convicted as communists such as William W. Renekton have received the word.
I would go on to say that in the case of the Army loyalty board which you want to talk about sir.
We have had one case that occurs to me or pan.
For somebody was cleared by this top army loyalty board and subsequently invoked the Fifth Amendment as to communists' activities when appearing before this committee.
We have another case there for the Army loyalty board.
Clear to man I looked at the record and we had a lot of evidence.
Clear to man who had a record of pro-communist activity who had been circulating in a secret radar laboratory of which he was one of the top people.
A pamphlet against military conscription against the United States building up any defenses against Russia.
That man was found this floor of our regional board, the Fifth Amendment top army board, cleared up and sent him back with a secret clearance.
We had the same thing the Army had no monopoly sir. We had the same thing in the government cleaning office.
Now a no thing happened something is wrong.
We tried to find out in the light of our obligation as the government operations committee to find out what in the operation of this set-up and system is wrong.
In addition to that general thing, there are cases in their war and are in the case of the Army loyalty board where we had specific information of personal misconduct and in one case of communists' activity on the part of a member of the board which was trying to decide whether other people had engaged in communists' activity.
Now when we first met up with this experience as the well-schirm in case of the government's printing office, we got into members of the loyalty board and they came.
And...
I had said that Mr. Wilson's time was inspiring and just ruled as General Edda, which is completely down to his if he wanted to.
He's done to Mr. Wilson's fine otherwise.
I take it each for the year at the end.
I try to say this once there and not again. It is as long and complicated as I thought I'd try to make this short as I can.
When it came to the government's printing office, we had just about the same situation you had in the Army. We had a man named Edward Rothschild, Mr. Rothschild, who was a fifth amendment communist.
We know you have been named as a communist. As a man who has been swiping papers out, secret papers out of the government printing office, who have been trying to recruit other people into the communist body.
But despite that, he has been cleared by the loyalty board. But that was an incredible situation.
So this committee, particularly Senator McCarthy and Senator Dirton, called in the members of the loyalty board and said, now here, you've got this man Rothschild, a communist, a fifth amendment communist.
Witnesses say he tried to recruit them into the communist body. He was swiping papers. He came to work with the daily worker every day.
And you people say that he's a great loyal citizen. How is it conceivable that you could have cleared such a man?
Well, the members of the loyalty board came in and they started to get answering some questions. And we found out how they had cleared such a man.
We found out first of all that they were under the impression. And I quote, but in me a membership in the communist body was not sufficient to borrow a worker under the loyalty program.
So here was an official of the loyalty board of the government printing office, who was operating under the assumption that if you found, if he found an employee of that printing office, the communist body member, that was not an access to the loyalty.
And he could still vote that that man was loyal and ordered to say on the job.
Some more questions for you by Senator McCarthy and Senator Berkson, the name of the witness was Mrs. Fiskley.
And he thought of describing the procedure, which they followed. And he said, well, we heard a lot of witnesses.
I remember Senator McCarthy said, well, you heard a lot of witnesses. Did you hear? X who said that this man tried to recruit him into the communist body.
And I think it was Mr. Miller, remember the loyalty board that knows that we didn't call him. And Senator McCarthy or Senator Thurkton said, well, did you call?
Mrs. Y who said that this man came to work with the daily workers stuck in his pocket every day and that she saw him swiping out coat books.
Well, no, sir, the loyalty board meant that we never called him.
So finally, Senator McCarthy says, well, who did you call? And it developed that the only witnesses they call were witnesses who could get testimony favor to the man under investigation.
And that they had failed to call any witness, so that any testimony unfavorable.
So they had to call him all at one side and none of the other side. Number one and number two, the standard they were using was communist body membership didn't bother the loyalty board.
They thought that was not a ground for disqualification. And we then knew why, at least at a very good clue, as to why this loyalty board actually had come.
So that was called to the attention of the head of the agency involved Mr. Raymond Blattinger. He removed the members of the loyalty board.
Their way was the procedure established a new procedure and a new standard. That is one example, sir, of what this problem is and how we went about solving it and what we were trying to do in the case of this army loyalty board, which are similarly been clearing people with communist records. I'm sorry, I just so long.
And for our seventh and the sixth, I think we'll take a five minute recess and then we do with the question.
You have just heard the chairman declare a brief recess. I'd like to tell you that the ABC television network is bringing you the complete hearings into the McCarthy Army controversy.
The seventh inning stretch. The lady in the background against the wall is Mrs. Robert Kennedy, the wife of the minority council.
This president also in the committee room yesterday, the lady almost obscured by Mr. Jenkins and the tall and the broad black hat is Mrs. Alice, the boss of both long wear.
The daughter of President Fee of our Rosable, the wife of the late speaker of the House of Representatives, Nicholas Longworth.
Under divorce, I, temper him, honor, to welch, leave walking toward the exit to the office room for this seventh inning stretch.
One of the months still getting congratulations to frankly honest birthday, strictly for birthday.
Now the deserted committee table is on the 100th leaves, earlier Senator McClellan and Simon from left and Senator Thurkson.
Mayor of the arms to gun her back who may have come in to talk with the just a moment. Senator Thutters is there. Senator Thutters, we're currently sitting back in a special reserve guest section.
There as I'm Mr. Walter Wentchle standing in the middle of a class section, chatting with another reporter.
Mr. Wentchle with the hat. Mr. Jenkins is still here in the office room. Mr. Crow of the stuff's leaving now.
Senator Carter is still in the committee room. Gunner back is ready now to talk with Senator Charles Potter of Michigan.
This is Governor Banks taking again from the Senate talk of the room. I thought we might take a few moments during this recess to talk to Senator Charles Potter, the Republican of Michigan.
Senator Carter, I have to talk to a number of Democrats in the course of these interviews discussing this whole question of what Senator McClellan has called across roads.
As the weather and not the presidential directive is the one that ought to be obeyed or whether the evocative relationship be taken.
Senator Carter, I've heard that if someone has information that it's useful to him under the reorganization act he has the right to accept that information from a government person, even if it is classified in accordance with his oath to protect this country.
I don't have a Republican to do it. I don't know the truth.
Senator Carter, I don't want this Republican part of you, but this is my point of view. I'm afraid it will find as many different points of view that you have people on your program.
I think you have to make it a distinction. I think certainly any document, a classified document, that document is removed from the file without authority and given to congressional committee or a member of Congress or any 20 unauthorized person, then that person is not necessarily an inviolation of an executive order, which is in this case.
For the last oldest inviolation, the astronaut acts and whether it's what you agree with the act or not, it is a violation of all.
Now I make a distinction between classified information as a differential with that information, which is not classified.
Now I think that information that's not classified and it falls and if it's covered by a presidential directive, however, then I think that a person shouldn't release that information.
It'll be the same thing, for example, I think you know of the president of the cabinet.
Suppose a committee of Congress should submit a member of the president's cabinet to gratitude to the government for transfer, what took place in the cabinet meeting.
Now I don't think we have that right. Anymore than I would think you have a right for one committee, for example, for the committee, another member of a committee, the people within the cabinet are advised to the president.
And the president stands or falls by the decisions that are made as a result of that information.
Senator, let me ask you this. Now Senator McCompia says there's no presidential directive that's going to speed him and that would expect you know that Mr. Shrein and his committee found by little being said on behalf of the president by the Republican government's committee.
They remain silent because they have some doubts.